fix(seo): fix page titles, meta descriptions, OG tags, and heading st… (#1155)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: docs/wash/commands.mdx

---

> title: 'wash Commands — CLI Reference'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'wash Commands — CLI Reference'
sidebar_label: 'Commands'
```

> ---
> title: 'wash Commands — CLI Reference'
> sidebar_position: 1
> description: 'Complete command reference for the wash CLI — every subcommand, flag, and option for developing and publishing WebAssembly components on wasmCloud.'
> ---
> 
> # Wasm Shell CLI Command Reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'wash Commands — CLI Reference'
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 'Commands'
sidebar_position: 1
description: 'Complete command reference for the wash CLI — every subcommand, flag, and option for developing and publishing WebAssembly components on wasmCloud.'
---

# Wasm Shell CLI Command Reference
```
